---
layout: post
title: TEST-POST-OR-NOTTEST-POST
date: 2024-07-08T23:32:58.903Z
categories:
    - Tests
description: Test  Post - Testin FromtMatter CMS - VSCode Extension  Extenions - 1st Post 100% done in VSCode
preview: /images/Front-Matter-CMM-Add-Content.PNG
tags:
    - CMS
    - Content-Creation
    - FrontMatterCMS
    - VSCode/Extensions
    - Website
    - Workflows
draft: false
---
---

layout: post
title: TEST-POST-OR-NOT-TEST-POST
date: 2024-07-08T22:51:39.208Z
categories:

- Tests
- Posts
- 

description: Test - Fromt Matter CMS - VSCode Extenions
preview: /images/Front-Matter-CMM-Add-Content.PNG
tags:

- CMS
- Content-Creation
- FrontMatterCMS
- VSCode/Extensions
- Website
- Why
- Workflows
  draft: false

---

# Writing A Real Post

I am trilled that Front Matter CMS works as I expected. It's a VSCode Extension thar is, in my case, going to simplify my work building and managing this website.

After educating myself on website creation, management and hosting solutions, I already knew that I wanted to use a static webpage generator.  

I already use Obsidian to keep a track or to put on *paper,* my courses notes, coding exercises, my writeups and CTFs notes, It's an habit I have since I can write. But my simple habit become a serious one in October 2022. At that time, I was reflecting on my life, my current level of satisfaction, and what was next.  

 through part It support Jekyll which is what I use for this website. It remove having to manage server or remote files. It use Git and, in my case, GitHub Pages for the hosting. I keep a local repo of the site, and now I can use VSCode like a text editor or Obsidian. I already use Obsidian for all my notes, projects documents, coding and cybersecurity write-ups, and tons of bits of random stuff I am collecting "for later"...

I'm finding my method for reviewing my actual notebooks, rework them and publish them in a way I could be productive and begin posting stuff and by doing so, **finish** or **trash and forget** a lot of things I put on a backburner
I started to use an Obsidian Plugin to open my vaults into VSCode and I open Obsidian only to use features like Kanban boards and a little Excalidraw lately. 

When I saw a Front Matter CMS demo ... The method used are mostly similar as how I used to manage my previous web projects (late 90s). I did code HTML, in a text editor. I had a Website manager (WebExpert), that was a  simple GUI over a simple FTP client and that's it. A text editor and a FTP Client was enough to manage a website (Go see for yourself on my GitHub: -----*****Link My-Website-Diablo-1996-98*****-----)
